Add image to sharing section - add multiple users at once (#104)
owncloud/docs-webui: modules/classic_ui/pages/files/webgui/sharing.adoc

Any folder that has been shared is marked with the `Shared` overlay icon. Public link shares are marked with a chain link. Unshared folders are blank.

image::files/webgui/files_page-5.png[Share status icons,width=350]

If your ownCloud server is the Enterprise edition, you may also have access to Sharepoint and Windows Network Drive file shares. These have special status icons. An icon with a red plugin and background means you have to login to get access to the share.

image::files/webgui/files_share-options.png[image,width=350]

== Creating Shares

* For sharing a file or folder, there is a text field below the Share tab. In this sharing dialog, you can enter multiple users at once using their identifiers (e.g., display name, user ID, email address, federated cloud ID) as a comma-separated list (e.g., `alice,bob@example.org,carol`.
+
image::files/webgui/share-with-multiple-users.png[]
+

> Based on the inputs, ownCloud will decide how to create the shares (e.g., share with an internal user, invite a new guest, create a federated share). This way, users can easily invite many recipients at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the input, ownCloud will decide how to create the shares (e.g., share with an internal user, invite a new guest, create a federated share). This way, users can easily invite many recipients at once.
```

> * If username auto-completion is enabled, when you start typing the user or group name ownCloud will automatically complete it for you, if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If username auto-completion is enabled, ownCloud will try to complete it for you when you start typing the user or group name.
```
